[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: I'm gonna jump in and
I'm gonna use this.store
instead of jquery.get and
I will build off of RESTAdapter and
RESTSerializer, which
are some convenient base
classes that handle some
common JSON behavior.
I'm going to use query and queryRecord
which typically would be used for
query params.
In this case it's an easy way for
me to build some non-standard
URLs to talk to GitHub.
And so I'll have to customize
two methods in my adapter and
I'm going to see if I can make
an application serialized with it handles.
Basically everything that I need
to normalize across the whole app.
>> Mike North: All right, so,
beginning with ember CLI.
>> Mike North: So I've got an org and
I've got a repo.
>> Mike North: And
if I look at,
>> Mike North: Githubrepo.hbs,
I just wanna see what do I depend on,
what properties do I need?
So I need a name, and an ID actually
comes for free with an ember-data model.
It's implied that you have an id,
you do not need to define it.
In fact things will not work properly
unless you have an id on each record.
So, all right, we'll start with name and.
>> Mike North: Just need a string there
and in an org, I know I need a login.
>> Mike North: And your also has a name.
>> Mike North: And we're probably gonna
need something for that image URL but
we'll get there when we get there.
Now it's important to define
this stuff on your models.
A lot of data is coming in from GitHub but
the only things that will be available for
use on these records are things
that I've defined on my model,
attributes I've defined on my model.
So as we start seeing things turn
blank we know we have to go back and
take a look at what's coming through.
So I'm also going to create an adapter and
a serializer.
>> Mike North: So we've got an application
adapter that extends from rest adapter.
And we've got an application serializer
extending from rest serializer.
And I know that I'm gonna
need to use normalize
response.
>> Mike North: So
I'm just gonna get the signature
there since I have
all of the arguments [NOISE] a serializer,
normalize response.
So I just need this.
>> Mike North: Oops.
>> Mike North: That's odd.
[LAUGH].
>> Mike North: Fantastic, and we are back.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Mike North: All right, so
now I'm going to make
the first little switch by
going to the repos route.
>> Mike North: And
gonna get rid of this.
>> Mike North: Actually I'll
still need this thing on the top,
the org id, and
instead I'm going to return
this store query and
I'm gonna query for object of type
repo and the argument for query.
So this is a great thing to use for
a search or
something where you're passing
a lot of query params along.
That's by default what this configuration
object, the second argument here will do.
But I wanna pass org id.
>> Mike North: And
I'm getting an error, which I expect.
So if we look at the error,
it's saying that
local host 4200 repos has failed.
That's because I'm not running
the get hub API locally.
So here, we're just going to go host.
GitHub.com and we'll see that the request
will start going out to GitHub.
>> Mike North: So still errors.
Okay repos is not found.
So it's using sort of the default
URL schema that Ember
data has out of the box.
It's completely customizable.
But this is not going to work for
us as it stands now.
So I'm going to go back
to my example here,
which is actually a good start.
>> Mike North: [NOISE] And
grab this URL for query method.
>> Mike North: So
what we're doing here is in
the case that the model name
we're asking for is repo,
I'm going to build a URL that
looks like this.
>> Mike North: Otherwise
fallback to whatever this
method used to be doing.
All right, so
still getting errors, awesome.
So this is a great feature of Ember Data,
it's actually,
because there is this consistent
internal data structure,
everything is built around
this JSON API concept.
We can actually validate that
something is wrong in the serializer.
That what I've passed it is
in fact an invalid object.
If we didn't have this convention, we sort
of have to put more responsibility on
the developer to say maybe you
intended to pass undefined through me.
I don't know.
In this case,
we can give some valid feedback here.
So it's telling me top level
thing must be an object and
that I need to look at normalizeResponse.
Some great feedback.
So let's just let this pass through for
now.
>> Mike North: And
we need to make sure we're turning that.
>> Mike North: So now we have this method
but it is not really doing anything,
I just wanna see that the error is here.
All right so It's saying it
encountered 16 in the payload,
but no model was found for model name 16.
It's really just trying to
deserialize a whole bunch of stuff.
So here's what's happening.
Ember data wants to recieve it's
Json in the following form.
Something that looks like this.
That would be for a list of repos.
That would be for one repo.
Singular versus plural matters.
That is how it can detect whether
it should deserialize a list or
deserialize an object.
In this case this is
what we're passing it.
And so
it's probably doing I suspect like a for
in loop and
these are the indices of the array.
Not property keys as it expects.
So, what we need to do first is this.
>> Mike North: We could fix this,
like that.
>> Mike North: And
we're getting some data back.
Now, we left some stuff out of our model,
so we're getting undefined here.
We just simply need to go back
to our model here and do.
>> Speaker 2: Forks count.
>> Mike North: Thank you.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: [CROSSTALK] Or
watchers count.
[CROSSTALK] Watchers is valid too.
>> Mike North: And ta da,
very much starting to
look like what we want.